**Architecture**<br>
There were many things I've learned over the term involving the MEAN stack that I wouldn't have learned if I didn't take this class. Using Express was kinda like using PHP with how the code meshed together in a way that worked very well. JavaScript was always one language I could never get a grip on, but this class has helped me figure out how to use JS and TypeScript that I wouldn't have figured out on my own as easily. Angular was completely new to me and took some time for me to figure out. In the end, I still haven't gotten a full grasp on it but if I can keep using it to learn more, I should be able to learn it fully to be able to use in my career.<br><br>
We used MongoDB For our database since it can handle the documents and can scale better than SQL databases can. Trying to learn MongoDB was difficult in the beginning because I'm used to using MySQL for databases but in the end was able to figure it out and got it fully working for this project.<br><br>
**Functionality**<br>
JSON is very different from JavaScript since it is mainly used for the schema of the database and defines how the application's data should be set up and used to ensure full compatibility across all pages of the web application.
One instance that I refactored code to improve functionality was when I pulled all of the code for the header and of the index page and created the header.hbs and footer.hbs files to insert that code into to reduce the size of the index page and to be able to re-use that across the entire main UI of the application. One benefit that comes from reusable UI components is that they only add one line of code instead of many different lines to help keep the sizes small and easy to pull from a server.<br><br>
**Testing**<br>
The application we used to test the APIs, endpoints, and security of the application is called Postman. It is designed to allow for calls to APIs using HTTP's codenames (GET, PUT, DELETE, POST) and returns what it received from the application. The endpoints are what you are calling for data from to be received by your browser. Security is always required with a web application since anyone could try to access the admin page to destroy the entire application. The methods of an application are desgined to reduce the amount of code while also being able to keep the functionality that would be needed to display certain components.<br><br>
**Reflection**<br>
This course has helped me with several goals. One of the positions I am looking at within my current company asks us to learn the MEAN stack for that position. Being able to show that I learned how to create an application using MEAN might help me better promote within the company to a position that I would like to be in to better further my development in my career. Learning so much within the class helps me to be able to show future employers what I am capable of. There were many skills that I have learned throughout the term, and I believe I have even mastered a few, like connecting to MongoDB.
